EDU-15254: SKU Matrix (#2429)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/components/organisms/sku-matrix.mdx

---
title: "SKUMatrix"

> excerpt: Displays a table of product variations with quantity selectors for bulk purchasing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: "Displays a table of product variations with quantity selectors for bulk purchasing."
```

components:
  - SKUMatrix.tsx
  - SKUMatrixTrigger.tsx
  - SKUMatrixSidebar.tsx
---

[<i class="fa-brands fa-github"></i> Source code](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/tree/main/packages/components/src/organisms/SKUMatrix)

The `SKUMatrix` component displays a table of product variations with quantity selectors, enabling customers to add multiple SKUs to the cart at once. This component is ideal for B2B scenarios or bulk purchasing.

The final component is a compound of the following:

- `SKUMatrix`: the main wrapper component that provides context and state management.
- `SKUMatrixTrigger`: a button component that opens the SKU Matrix sidebar.

> - `SKUMatrixSidebar`: renders a `SlideOver` with a table displaying product variations, prices, availability, and quantity selectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SKUMatrix`: Wraps the SKU Matrix structure that provides context and state management.
- `SKUMatrixTrigger`: Renders a button that opens the SKU Matrix sidebar.
- `SKUMatrixSidebar`: Renders a `SlideOver` containing a table with product variations, prices, availability, and quantity selectors.
```

    value="var(--fs-border-radius)"
  />
  <TokenDivider />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-sku-matrix-slide-over-partial-gap"
    value="calc(2 * var(--fs-grid-padding))"
  />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-sku-matrix-slide-over-partial-width-mobile"
    value="calc(100vw - var(--fs-sku-matrix-slide-over-partial-gap))"
  />
</TokenTable>

---

## Data attributes

Use these selectors to customize styles or attach test logic:

- `data-fs-sku-matrix`
- `data-testid="fs-sku-matrix"`
- `data-fs-sku-matrix-sidebar`
- `data-fs-sku-matrix-sidebar-title`
- `data-fs-sku-matrix-sidebar-cell-image`
- `data-fs-sku-matrix-sidebar-table-price`
- `data-fs-sku-matrix-sidebar-table-cell-quantity-selector`
- `data-fs-sku-matrix-sidebar-table-action`
- `data-fs-sku-matrix-sidebar-footer`
- SlideOver attributes propagated to the sidebar: `data-fs-slide-over`, `data-fs-slide-over-direction`, `data-fs-slide-over-size`, `data-fs-slide-over-state`

---

## Props

<ComponentPropsSection component="SKUMatrix" />
<ComponentPropsSection component="SKUMatrixTrigger" />
<ComponentPropsSection component="SKUMatrixSidebar" />

---

## Best practices

### ✅ Do's

> - Use concise variation labels (e.g., "Black - 42") to ensure the table remains scannable on partial-width slide-overs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use concise variation labels (for example, "Black - 42") to ensure the table remains scannable on partial-width slide-overs.
```
